 Voltage
○ Difference of electric energy between two points
○ Unit: volt (V)
 Intensity (Electric Current)
○ A flow of electric charge
○ Unit: ampere (A)
 Resistance
○ Opposition to the passage of an electric current
○ Unit: ohm (Ω)

Breadboard
○ Construction base for prototyping of electronics
○ Makes it easy to use for creating temporary prototypes and experimenting with circuit designs

FND(Flexible Numeric Display) - 7segment 
○ Display device for displaying Arabic numerals using a LED / a LCD

Arduino environment is embedded with the built-in serial monitor to 
communicate with an Arduino board.

Push button (Switch)
○ The push button is a component that connects two points in a circuit when you press it.

Photoresistor (Ambient Light Sensor)
○ A photoresistor (or LDR, or photocell) is a light-controlled variable resistor, which we can 
read into the Arduino board as an analog value between 0 and 1023.

Temperature sensor [LM35]
○ LM35 is an integrated circuit sensor that can be used to measure temperature with an 
electrical output proportional to the temperature in Celsius.

analogRead : 0-1023

The brightness of the LED is set a number between 0 to 255


Motor
    1. Alternating Current (AC) Motors
        - The most widely used motors in industrial and commercial applications
        1. Stationary part: STATOR
        2. Rotating part: ROTOR

    2. Direct Current (DC) Motors
        - Used in applications where precise speed control is required
        ○ A rotating magnetic field produced by the windings
        ○ Brushes control the direction and speed of the motor


    3. Universal motors: operate on either AC or DC

1. Advantages

            AC motor                            DC motor
 1. Low startup power                       High startup power and torque
 2. High durability and loger life spans    Simpler installation and maintenance
 3. Controllable starting current levels    Fast response times to starting,
    and acceleration                        stopping and accelerating

2. Usage
    Home appliances                         Machinery that demands constant power
    Compressor                              power such as vaccums, elevators
    Computer                                Eletric vehicles
    Conveyor systems
    Fans and air conditioners
    Irrigation pumps

4. Stepper motor
    - Motor that moves on step at a time
        - A digital version of an electric motor
        - Each step is defines by a step angle
        - Low speed but high torque(돌림힘)
    - Usage
        - Precise positioning with a motor
        - Hard disk drvies, robotics, andtennas, and telescopes
    - Architecture
        - Stator : holds multiple windings/phases
        - Rotor : Usually magnetize material

Operating Principles
○ Fleming’s left-hand rule
○ The magnitude of the force varies directly
with the strength of the magnetic field and 
the amount of current flowing in the conductor

Servo motor

1. A servomotor is a rotary actuator or linear actuator that allows for precise control of angular 
    or linear position, velocity and acceleration
2. Servo motors have three wires: power, ground, and signal.
    − red : 5V
    − black or brown : GND
    − yellow, orange or white : input

supports only servos on only two pins : 9 and 10


Buzzer - Piezo speaker
1. A Piezo is nothing but an electronic device that can be used to play tones.